Miss Shen, the toxins in your body have been cleared
There are still some residues
Just drink more water to get rid of it completely.
If Mr. Xi Xu helps
But this poisoning is no small matter
Just like the bone poison in your father
Probably the same person
So-called no wonder I keep feeling wrong
That's not the way
One moment poison, one moment bitterness
Only by finding out the mastermind behind the scenes
Almost never
But I only saw Medicine King Zhao Yunlong today
Zhao Yunlong is him again
Have you ever drunk the drink he gave you?
Without him, this person is more insidious and cunning
And the treatment is based on the Shen family's property
I'm also on guard
But at their house
I can always smell a very unique fragrance
Scent that's right
This aphrodisiac poison
It should be a special dragon salty incense.
And it only works for women.
However, this dragon salted incense is very rare
Find out who bought it
Shouldn't be difficult
Mr. Xu, I have one more request
What are you to blame for the Shen family many times in the midst of water and fire?
I think I want to marry you.